mkdir folder_name: use to create folder through command line.

command line runs inside a specific folder.

pwd: to check the path where the command line is running. 

ls: this command list everything which is present in this file.

cd: change directory

node: its a command of node.js that lets us run javascript code outside of a browser. 

npm: node package manager. 
- Package means an external library
- npm lets us install external libraries or packages into our project. 

to install any library or package we use the command:
npm install package_name.
this command install the package inside the node_modules folder.
we can search for packages on npmjs website.
npm has millions of packages to install

Some packages also add a command to our command line.

Example:
Package:
create-vite // if we install this package it also adds a command to our command line: ->  react-course> create-vite

creat-vite: this command helps us to setup a new React project. 

To use create-vite package there are two steps:
1) Install the create-vite package.
2) Run the create-vite package in the command line.

Now npm has shortcut for this:
npx create-vite  //npx does this two steps in one step.  (x means execute)

To use it:
npx create-vite@

@ = means use a specific version of create-vite command.

next command:

npm install:
In package.json, there are list of all the packages needed for the project.
npm install will install all of these packages present in package.json. (packages like dependences, devDependencies present in package.json)

After the npm install finishes all the packages present in package.json (packages like dependencies, dependencies) will be downloaded inside the node_modules folder. 

npm run dev: This command starts up our new React website.


project directory structure explanation:
project_folder/node_modules folder: here npm installs all the packages.
src(source folder): contains code for our website. (All jsx and css code)

src/assets folder: contains images that we want to display on our website.

project_folder/public folder: it contains files that should be available to public (we can access these using a url)
Ex: when this website is on the internet we can give an image's url to access it.

.gitignore: it is handle by git, git tracks changes in our code. In these file we include those files which we are not going to put on github.


eslint.config.js: highlights problems in our javascript code. For this we need to download the extension eslint in vs code.

index.html: contains html code for react website. Same as chatbot.html.

package-lock.json:
we know that package.json contains list of all packages that gets installed in node.js.
Here package-lock.json, saves the version number of all the packages that we installed. 

package.json: contains list of all pacakges needed in our project. 

README.md: this file contains information about the project.

vite.config.js: configures the vite. vite is the tool that we used to set up this project. 

-vite also helps us to build this website. it means it - takes all the js and css and loads them in the index.html file.

-vite also creates a server. (A server puts our website at a URL)
Example: http://localhost:5173/

-like like server of vs code, vite server also refreshes the website when we change some code

-vite server is a replacement of live server. 